Guys in today's lesson and when to bring up a very important issue our pages well with graded template
files for just about every sort of inner pages in wordpress they also learn how to create specific templates
and many other things.
Everything looks like paradise.
Everything's falling into place but there will always be a time when a visitor will come across a page
that doesn't exist on your site.
Let's say that the visitor sees a link pointing to your site while reading the posts on another site.
Except that this link was spelled wrong.
You can bet that the visitor will end up falling on an error page but at the moment we cannot handle
this error requests in Arfin.
So for example let's simulate on there we're here.
In the thin
now for example I'm visiting a non-existent page but even so I'm seeing some content.
I bet you're ready no way.
The answer is that every time WordPress doesn't know what content to load it loads a very special file
called code exactly called index dot page B which is the default template for them.
You can see that in our plugin app here you can also find other clues.
If you inspect the page.
Notice that in the body tag we have the addition of a class called error for all four and either way
to see more information is by modifying our headers speech peafowl so open that file and here in the
title tag you're going to include the Wordpress function called W.P. underscore in title.
Now reload the page I haven't new clues since the browser tab shows in the title that the page was not
found.
But even so this whole situation can lead your visitor to make a mistake.
They are seeing some content and may find that the link they are actually visiting does exist and that
the content they are seen is really what they wanted to see but that's not true.
To solve this problem is quite easy as create a new file called for all four dot.
Be
as over to speed up things a bit.
I'm going to copy one of the files this time I'm going to copy the archive that page file but it can
of course choose the index that page pre-chewed OK but I need to make some modifications around here.
Our Arab page will have no luck so I'm going to remove all this code here related to the loop.
When you exclude the sidebar and as there will be no sidebar this def tag here will be 100 percent wide
for that.
Just remove this little class here.
That's changed the main class of the day thank you for hyphen for of.
Here.
You're going to create a header.
And so infirmaries text elements that's a.
And now you already have something that really indicates to the visitor that the content doesn't exist.
At this point our visitor must already be very frustrated and offer them some solution.
For example we can invite them to do a search to find what they want.
Let's create a new tag here and include the search form here.
We've already learned how to do that.
Just call the function get search for another thing we can do is invite a visitor to check the latest
blog posts to do this.
Let's learn yet another very useful WordPress function called the widget.
It does nothing more than call any WordPress widget in a specific point of the code.
If we visit the Wordpress Codex you'll see that there is a list of widgets available.
In fact this list is made up of those widgets that already comes in the default installation of wordpress.
You can call this widget here W.P. widget recent posts so the visitor will see a list of recent posts
and you know how to use it.
Just click here in the sidebar menu and read it see all the parameters that they can use for each widget.
We can use this function the way it is now with a very basic implementation.
Or it can pass some more parameters in our example here.
Let's play with these two parameters.
Title and number.
Let's copy this example here.
And paste it into the file.
Recreating.
Now let's include an array and pass the title argument.
And number let's limit the number of links to three
OK X and its results.
Now our error page has become much more meaningful for a visitor.
Don't you think.
OK let me finish this lesson with an observation.
As a developer it is more than your obligation to create a narrower file.
It greatly helps the visitor.
It doesn't matter if you're creating the thing for yourself or for a single client or distribution of
theme.
More people never forget you create this file OK.
Well as you can see we are making great strides in creating the thing and I hope you're enjoying the
lessons.
So see you next time.